Hi! It's been a long time since I joined the INSTITUTION and now I'm a INSTITUTION graduate. Many things happened during this program, here's some recap of what have been done so far. A lot of thanks to INSTITUTION for make it happen.
Today remarks my last day at INSTITUTION as PROFESSION Intern. Yes, it's earlier than expected.
I just want to thank everyone for the guidance so far which has helped me a lot.
There are many things I learned here especially about SUBJECT. So I know what it's like to make OBJECT that many people will use.
At last but not least, thanks to INSTITUTION for giving me the opportunity, who is not from an IT background, to do an internship. This experience means a lot to me.
I wish everyone good luck and see you again, cheers.
After months of work, we finally succeeded in completing our final project. Our project, called OBJECT, is a platform that supports digital activities in Indonesia. For the time being there are some feature.
In the development of this project we are working on using the OBJECT framework to receive user input which is then processed on the backend and displayed on the frontend.
I want to thank my entire team for working so hard in this project. Without them, perhaps this project would never be what it is.
I also want to thank PERSON who has guided, provided advice, and also directed us in learning SUBJECT completing this project.
This project is only part of our small steps in helping people in Indonesia. Please wait for our next new breakthrough! Thank you.
It is Cool, very good collaboration, hopefully the start-up company that you are developing can be big one day. Amen.
Yesterday was so much fun! I participated as PROFESSION where I presented about SUBJECT. It was my first experience being asked to do SUBJECT.
I learned many things during this event and also tried to build connection with others to do any kind of partnership to collaborate with each other.
INSTITUTION still has a long way to go to revolutionize the industry. I just can't wait to see people start using it all.
Some results of my exploration about how SUBJECT works. Still need further process to go deeper into SUBJECT field.
So I was inspired by someone I saw on Linkedin last month and I decided to make a portfolio about it.
This is only the beginning, where I can still add more features. I hope in this moment I can explore more about SUBJECT and try to solve real-world problems and bring impacts to the society.
Hello, everyone! I'm SUBJECT and I'm so thrilled to have this opportunity as PROFESSION at INSTITUTION. Last week, me and my fellow interns had an Induction week where we learned about the INSTITUTION core values, products, and also its people. But it wasn't just a regular orientation event tho. We were not told to do push ups & squats, instead we were showered with Gopay as rewards for winning the games.
In this week, I learned some interesting things about OBJECT. In INSTITUTION, it doesn't matter if you're an just an intern. you should NOT limitize your self based on your status/level. In INSTITUTION, you're encouraged to ask questions and validate things you don't understand. You should NOT assume things. And I also learned that INSTITUTION is first & largest SUBJECT company in Indonesia.
One of the most interesting topics during that week was about SUBJECT by our Co-founder PERSON. He noted about SUBJECT.
Before I end this post, I want to thank INSTITUTION and of course my mentor PERSON for being so supportive & welcoming since the first time we arrived. So that's it. We learned so much about SUBJECT. And most importantly, get to know each other. I'm really looking forward to contribute myself into creating impact on Indonesia through INSTITUTION.
Hi all! I want to share a story about my first week of internship at INSTITUTION as an PROFESSION. I am incredibly grateful to be accepted for an internship at one of Indonesia's best INSTITUTION. Moreover, the technical interview session was one of the best I've ever had. Thank you, PERSON, for the trust and feedback.
In the first week, I learned a lot about the company starting from the company's vision as a home to grow and inspire through a passion for SUBJECT. The company's mission is to provide practical solutions that significantly benefit society. Then learn about products & businesses from upstream to downstream, as well as design thinking concepts and applications in practically and creatively solving a problem. Excluding that, another exciting thing is the mindset and way of working at INSTITUTION, including Agile, Initiative, United, Excellent and Optimism.
Hopefully, I can collaborate, learn more to fill my shortcomings and increase my strengths which will later become my provisions after graduating from college and becoming an actual revolutioner in real life.
I am honored and thrilled to announce that I have been selected among the top 5 applicants who participated in professional and most-respected event that evaluates the my skills and ability in SUBJECT. I cannot wait to see what the next chapter holds, and I cannot express my appreciation to the INSTITUTION and SUBJECT who supported me during this difficult journey.
It's an honor for me to be a part of INSTITUTION. For 6 months, I got a lot of knowledge and experience that I couldn't get in my college. Starting from SUBJECT skills, SUBJECT skills, SUBJECT, Capstone projects to overcome real-life problems, the new friends and relationships that I have built are very useful for my future career. Thank you INSTITUTION, hopefully in the future always give birth to the best IT experts for Indonesia.
Just finished a whole induction at INSTITUTION. It was amazing experience, it was packed with fun activities. I learned a lot of interesting about SUBJECT, make new friends and even got a prize for the quiz too!.
I would like to give PERSON as the most inspiring speaker in the induction week. He did a great job explaining SUBJECT product in the Business and Technical aspect. 
Can't wait to start my amazing journey as an PROFESSION intern at INSTITUTION and learn as many things as possible from PERSON as my mentor and everyone at INSTITUTION.